0-0201-repository-information/repository-info.md, before:

# Repository basic information
Both the remote and the local repositories are called:

```PS1002-brackets-git-and-github-vcs```

The repository description is:

**The Practical Series website explaining how the Git & GitHub version control system can be made to work from within the development environment of the Brackets text editor using the Brackets-Git extension**.

The main purpose of the repository is to hold the VCS website content. The repository does however hold some additional files: various workflow diagrams showing the commit points and branches throughout the history of the repository.

*Note: The Workflow Diagrams are maintained outside the repository but are copied in at specific commit points to maintain the accuracy of the repository.*

# Contributors and organisations
The following users are contributors to the repository:


| Type               | Contributor
| ------------------ | --------------------------------------
| Owner              | @mgledhill
| Read-write access  | @practicalseries
| Read-write access  | @practicalseries-lab

The repository is associates with the following organisations

| Organisations      |
| ------------------ |
| @practicalseries   |


# Local repository information &<br> conversion to website procedure
#### Author’s note to himself
The local repository is stored on the primary NAS drive and has the location:

```\\41 Pa_Archive\2500 Git Projects\PS1002 Git-GitHub and Brackets VCS```

The repository folder structure is:

<p align="left">
    <img width="50%" src="01-images/fig-01-01-repo-folders-min.png">
</p>

The red folders are the publishable website (the bit that has to be uploaded to the web server). However, this is just the VCS section of the website; the website itself contains other publications, all of which are contained in their own subfolders within the website.

The full offline version of the live website is stored on the primary NAS drive and has the location:

```\\01 Pa_Clavis\2230 PS Projects\PS1000 - PS Website LIVE```

The high level folder structure for the website is:

<p align="left">
    <img width="50%" src="01-images/fig-01-02-website-folders-min.png">
</p>

To update the live website with the repository website, the entire contents of the repository folder:

```5-2361-website-source```

Must be copied to the live website folder:

```1002-vcs```

The contents of the ```1002-vcs``` can be completely deleted prior to the repository folder files being copied in.

**NO INFORMATION SHOULD EVER BE MOVED FROM PS1000 TO THE REPOSITORY**

# Non-repository folders
The latest copy of the website Functional Specification Word Document (it contains the Word copy of the website content) is held in the project folder: 

```\\01 Pa_Clavis\2230 PS Projects\PS1002 - Git-GitHub and Brackets VCS```

This is the primary project storage location. 

The local repository is copied in its entirety to a zip file at each published or released commit point. These zip file backups are stored in the primary project area (above) as recoverable project backups.

The workflow directory holds copies of the workflow drawings as both minimised SVG and PNG files. The original documents are again stored in the principal project folder given above.

Commit message:

P03: Published
Published – Section 2 (Concept)

README.md revisions updated
Repository-info.md revision added

Web pages:
 - indexl.html (revision change)
 - style.css (revision change and typographical correction)
 - 02-00-concept (revision change all files)
 - 02-01-concept (revision change all files)
 - 02-02-concept (revision change all files)
 - 02-03-concept (revision change all files)
 - 02-04-concept (revision change all files)
 - 02-05-concept (revision change all files)
 - 02-06-concept (revision change all files)
 - 02-07-concept (revision change all files)
 - 02-08-concept (revision change all files)
 - 02-09-concept (revision change all files)
 - 98-00-blank.html (revision change)

0-0201-repository-information/repository-info.md, after:

# File revision information

The current version of this file is:

<img src="http://practicalseries.com/1000-home/11-resources/02-images/02-build-status/1002-vcs/bs-P03.svg">


# Repository basic information
Both the remote and the local repositories are called:

```PS1002-brackets-git-and-github-vcs```

The repository description is:

**The Practical Series website explaining how the Git & GitHub version control system can be made to work from within the development environment of the Brackets text editor using the Brackets-Git extension**.

The main purpose of the repository is to hold the VCS website content. The repository does however hold some additional files: various workflow diagrams showing the commit points and branches throughout the history of the repository.

*Note: The Workflow Diagrams are maintained outside the repository but are copied in at specific commit points to maintain the accuracy of the repository.*

# Contributors and organisations
The following users are contributors to the repository:


| Type               | Contributor
| ------------------ | --------------------------------------
| Owner              | @mgledhill
| Read-write access  | @practicalseries
| Read-write access  | @practicalseries-lab

The repository is associates with the following organisations

| Organisations      |
| ------------------ |
| @practicalseries   |


# Local repository information &<br> conversion to website procedure
#### Author’s note to himself
The local repository is stored on the primary NAS drive and has the location:

```\\41 Pa_Archive\2500 Git Projects\PS1002 Git-GitHub and Brackets VCS```

The repository folder structure is:

<p align="left">
    <img width="50%" src="01-images/fig-01-01-repo-folders-min.png">
</p>

The red folders are the publishable website (the bit that has to be uploaded to the web server). However, this is just the VCS section of the website; the website itself contains other publications, all of which are contained in their own subfolders within the website.

The full offline version of the live website is stored on the primary NAS drive and has the location:

```\\01 Pa_Clavis\2230 PS Projects\PS1000 - PS Website LIVE```

The high level folder structure for the website is:

<p align="left">
    <img width="50%" src="01-images/fig-01-02-website-folders-min.png">
</p>

To update the live website with the repository website, the entire contents of the repository folder:

```5-2361-website-source```

Must be copied to the live website folder:

```1002-vcs```

The contents of the ```1002-vcs``` can be completely deleted prior to the repository folder files being copied in.

**NO INFORMATION SHOULD EVER BE MOVED FROM PS1000 TO THE REPOSITORY**

# Non-repository folders
The latest copy of the website Functional Specification Word Document (it contains the Word copy of the website content) is held in the project folder: 

```\\01 Pa_Clavis\2230 PS Projects\PS1002 - Git-GitHub and Brackets VCS```

This is the primary project storage location. 

The local repository is copied in its entirety to a zip file at each published or released commit point. These zip file backups are stored in the primary project area (above) as recoverable project backups.

The workflow directory holds copies of the workflow drawings as both minimised SVG and PNG files. The original documents are again stored in the principal project folder given above.
